very good to all and welcome to a
new video of your week in gta 5 in the
that we bring new new topics
questions new things to analyze that
correct with regard to videos
before and let's start right away
because there are five themes 5 themes
specials without further we begin
as a first issue we have a correction
to a failure that was in the video analysis
of grand theft auto 5 and is that right in
this moment we see smoke on the water
that in the analysis in we are going to be
it was about a default album and it's not
an album but a song the famous
group song and probably this
be a nod to the group and to the
song by rockstar
Second, we wanted to analyze the
crosshead that comes out when we inflict damage
about someone but yes it is true that
it happens when we hurt him but
when we simply kill him and what
we analyze thoroughly in this way because
apart from that with the sniper it does not appear
crosshead when no infiltrates
damage as you can see between frames
frame does not come out the crosshead but yes that
happens with the gun just when the
michael does not hurt the cross is red
although in the past it
we could appreciate is a gray species
slightly with some opacity what
makes the blood that comes out of the
person who kills dye lightly
The crosshead is red but the crosshead is
gray and as we can see there appears the
cross when he kills the uncle of the center the
let's go back to see with this other guy
As you can see here, it is clear that it is
Gray
and we're going to see it finally
very camouflaged when shooting at the head
of this other of this other man there
to the right of the building and that's just
appears above the head but very
camouflaged but it is there with
what would we have with sneijder
apparently does not go crosshead but yes
that he's going to see her with weapons that do not have
enlargement that does not have zoom seems to be
we also bring a great curiosity that
happens right at this time when the
newspaper if you see we have turned around
and extending it good conditions
we can appreciate the phrase aliens rise to
sing that is something like the aliens are
they ate an icon we would be
basically like this and this is just image
the same newspaper with the same owner
we could find it in grand theft
auto 4 right in this image
and we can appreciate that in this image and
in the image of the trailer are exactly
the same newspaper one with more color than
the other but the same owner the same
the same newspaper the daily cloud and the
same image should I say too
although it is not perfectly appreciated as
last topic we analyze what are the
life bars the bars that appear
in the indicators that appear below
of the map that are basically the green
would be the life bar as in
grand theft auto 4 the blue would be the
armor again matches grand
theft auto 4 and the yellow one in this case
it would be a novelty and it's about the
special ability of each of the
protagonists that we could also see
when it appears in the selector
character on the right right here
we could see that the special appears
above the character selector in the
top but we will also have a
shortcut a shortcut a
direct indicator easier on own
bar we can see that the variability is
he spends to maikel from a moment to
another probably because they cut us
the scene in which you use your skill
well up here this chapter of your
week in gta 5 I hope that I have
liked do not forget to be attentive
to the next episode that will bring more
nothing more
until the next goodbye
do not
to this
before